#https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JhSeP5VaqqOKeNzZTpCCGNtTVUC6oB276UbYGN5rdso/edit
define P = Character("Player")

"You are an impoverished college student that has moved to the city to study Computer Science. You can’t even afford a computer so you spend your evenings after school at the computer lab doing your assignments."
"The heroine is the only daughter of a wealthy businessman. She dislikes the strictness and conservatism of her family and does whatever she can to avoid going home. She is very mature and responsible as that’s how she was raised by her father, but is quite shy due to how sheltered she was from a young age. She dresses fairly sloppily, rarely ever dressing up unless her father forces her to and frequently shows up at school with unkempt hair. It’s only on the computer that she can show her true colors, which aren’t so… elegant. Once behind the keyboard, she is a mastermind. It is at the computer that she feels at home and does some fairly mischievous things to pass time. She uses an alias online and enjoys trolling people and speaking vulgarly. Because of her prowess with programming and hacking, she often cuts class and spends a lot of her time in the library or computer lab. It is in the lab where she hacks into the fileserver of the main character and finds his hilariously bad code."
"Setting, universe – The story takes place in Fall 2016 and is dated as such. The university is called \"GNU\", the full name is undecided still, but the acronym must be \"GNU\". The acronym is a reference to the GNU linux operating system."

play music "Computer Lab Music"
P "-deep sigh- Geez, that took forever. Classes like that should come with a warning when you register: “Class Time: 1 hour. Real-Feel: 2 weeks.”"
P "Well, can’t say it’s not at least partly my fault. Enrolling in Computer Science without even owning a computer... Who does that?"
P "I guess I should get to doing my homework. It was so dark when I left yesterday that I nearly missed the last bus so I better get started. Let’s see what we got here..."
"Text on monitor" "Assignment #3 We now know how to create an array of strings, traverse through the array, and print the strings to the console. Using the two techniques we discussed in class, iterative and recursive, write a method PrintStrings that will iterate through an array of at least five strings and print them to the console."
P "… iter-what?..."
P "Okay... so according to my HelloWorld assignment, Console.Println() should write something to the console…"
"You type in ‘Console.println(something)’ and nothing appears in the console"
P "Error? What went wrong this time?"
"You struggle throughout the evening to complete your assignment"
P "Agh! Why isn’t it compiling?! Shoot, it’s already starting to get dark. I guess I’ll finish up the rest tomorrow."
"Beautiful orange and red hues seem to stain every corner of your surroundings as the sun sinks into the horizon."
"But you’re too exhausted to care. For you, the sun setting means the end of another long day of work."
P "-Deep sigh- This isn’t working out for me. Maybe I should get a job and save up for a computer."